// Name: Palak Chawla	
// Seneca Student ID: 118834175
// Seneca email: pchawla5@myseneca.ca
// Date of completion: 28 September 2019
//
// I confirm that the content of this file is created by me,
//   with the exception of the parts provided to me by my professor.


In this workshop,I learnt about creating a template including:
creating and coding a class template using multiple typenames, templating a class variable,
specializing a member function of a class template.

In this along with polymorphism with templates, I also learnt to use inheritance by using a parent class
template to derive a child class template.

I particulary faced problems multiple times, like there was an error in display becuase I was making a mistake in derived class display,
I was using parent class display and was putting it in os of that display function, so I was getting errors. 
With the help of cppreference and notes, I was able to do specialized templates too, that was also one of the confusing ones, and I received multiple errors in there.
One of them was I initialised the initialValforSum in the declaration only, which was giving errors too. Then I understood and initialized it with specializtion.

•	the reason for specializing the sum() member function.
 The reason for specializing the sum() member function is that the sum() function we had before was only performing the sum function between numbers which it 
assumed by default, but with the specialization not only integers but strings can be concatenated using +.

•	the reason for specializing the initial value for a summation.
The reason for specializing the initial value for a summation is that the initial values can not only be integers, it can be integers or strings also, once we
speacialized them strings can also be used as a value.

•	the reason for defining the class variable outside the class definition.
because those class variables were static members and memory for static variables is allocated at the compile time
 and only one memory location is available for them, so they are given the external definition .


Quiz #2 reflection :

Q: What does specialization mean?

Specialization is an exception from the general behavior of the class.

Q: Explain why we can't have a variable of type void?
 We cant have a variable of type void because it is an incomplete type and due to that we even wont be able to locate memory to it, for the starters.