// Name: Palak Chawla	
// Seneca Student ID: 118834175
// Seneca email: pchawla5@myseneca.ca
// Date of completion: 21 September 2019
//
// I confirm that the content of this file is created by me,
//   with the exception of the parts provided to me by my professor.

In this workshop , I learned a lot of things like using move constructor and move assignment operator.
It was interesting to see the difference between the copy constructor & copy assignment operator and move constructor & move assignment operator, the time difference is huge between them.
Move constructor and move asignment operator are drastically fast in calculating.

More new things like chrono library I used in this lab, to start the clock, stop the clock, calculate the duration between the start and the end of the events.
I faced problem in printing the count of the duration time of the events, but then through the cpp reference you provided I figured out about the .count() function.

Most of the text file was what we did last year, like copy constructor, copy assignment operator, destructor, so more brush up for the skills.
The diffuculty was to count the number of records in a text file, I forgot to add the space as a delimiter so I faced some problem in finding the solution for that.
But with the help of friends and cpp reference, I was able to figure out how to count them properly using getline().

In this lab, I also used a lot of size_t variables, instead of other fundamental ones that I used in past.
For the at home part, I enhanced the lab with move constructor and move assignment operator. But I got problem in my move constructor,
It was not getting str and strStored properly when it entered in the move Constructor function. So that was giving me wrong number of records = 0;
With your help, I was able to figure out that I had two strStored, one as a member and one as a global variable defined as 0, then there was memory leak in my
copy assignment operator becuase I didnot deallocate the memory before doing dynamic allocation and I was not copying the non resource members in my move assignment operator.
I also set str to nullptr in my copy and move constructors. Then it all worked fine.



•	the reason for the significant time difference between the copy and move operations

the difference is huge in terms of time consumption between the copy and move operations because the copy operations make a copy of an object to other space but
the move operations moves the resources of one object to another object without making a copy or allocating memory for them.


Quiz 1 reflection :
 What is forward class declaration?
Forward class declaration is declaration only without any definition.
